The swapchain is a series of frame buffers used to display images to the window. The graphics pipeline outputs to a target frame buffer, and a frame buffer can have different attachments such as colour buffers or a depth buffer. The swap chain also uses these frame buffer objects to read from the colour attachment to then dsiplay to the surface. Any modern operating system usually uses at least 2 buffers at once, which is known as double buffering. The frame buffer being displayed is known as the front buffer, while the buffer being rendered to is the back buffer. The swap chain handles coordinanting with the display to swap the front and back buffers at the right time just before the vertical sync (v sync). V-sync is the moment at which the display begins drawing the new image and is tied to the displays refresh rate. For a 60hz screen, this means that 60 times per second (or every ~16.6ms)  V-sync occurs and the front and back buffers are switched. It's possible to ignore this, which is usually done by enabling vsync in settings, in which case you may observe tearing. Tearing is when the display shows information from multiple frames in a single screen draw. Not only do you have multiple frame buffers, but each frame buffer also requires unique attachments. This isn't always true, depending on usage you can get away with sharing certain attachments like the depth buffer some of the time. There is a possible drawback; once the frame is done rendering, the device needs to wait until the next vsync and frame buffer swap before starting to work on another frame. If there was a second back buffer, you could start working on the next frame immediately (triple buffering), and the main downside is extra ram usage for the extra image. The main upside is when rendering a frame can't keep up with the refresh rate. With double buffering, the gpu has to wait all the way until the next vsync before it can start working again, which can seem like a noticable hiccup. Triple buffering avoids this by providing a 3rd buffer to work on.

TLDR: Multiple frame buffers (2 or 3), you can use swapChain.acquireNextImage() to get the index of the next framebuffer(s).
